Amarok Full Screen GUI
		 
You need Amarok running. For any information about the player itseft, please visit amarok.kde.org
For quit press Esc or Alt+F4

INSTALL:
	
	Executable is installed into /usr/bin, 
	default theme + its images into /usr/share/amarokFS, 

THEMES:
	The theme can be chosen by the button in the upper left corner (which hides automaticaly).
	If no theme is selected (or the selected theme is not readable) the default theme is used (/usr/share/amarokFS/theme.xml).

	If you want to write your own skins please read the instructions in theme-howto.txt.

CHANGELOG:
	0.1: first release
	
	0.2:
		ESC for Exit
		fancy reflection
	
	0.2.1:
		made Makefile more compatible with other distros
	
	0.3:
		new methods for searching cover images
		Makefile now supports "make install"
	
	0.4:
		initial THEME SUPPORT!!
		mouse wheel for volume control
		updated Makefile (should work on gentoo now)

	0.4.1:
		gui dialog to choose the theme
		new themable elements

	0.4.2:
		disabling screen saver (optional)
		
	0.5:
		many fixes and updates by Martin Kossler - thanks a lot!
		better progessbar
		new element - labelPixmap
		new element - nextPlaying
		context menu instead of settings button
		mouse hiding
		added amarok script 
				
Copyright (C) 2007 Jan Zarnikov <jan.zarnikov@gmail.com>
		Martin Kossler <martin.kossler@students.uni-marburg.de> 

	This file is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
	modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public
	License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
	version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

	This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
	Library General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public License
	along with this library; see the file COPYING.LIB.  If not, write to
	the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor,
	Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.

		
